Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
ONE YEAR LATER, AUGUST 2007
Here I come!
Not bad.
What just happened?
Did it automatically choose
the target for the Cursed Technique?
Yes, but to be more accurate,
the target of the Cursed Technique is me.
I turned the manual control
into an automatic mode.
Not just the strength
of the Cursed Energy,
it can also distinguish danger level of
objects from their mass, speed, and shape.
It would be better if it
could also detect poison,
but that's still a bit difficult.
So I can keep my limitless cursed
technique active with minimal resources.
If you keep it active all the time,
your brain will be burned out.
As long as it's within the range of self-replenishment,
the reverse cursed technique will continue to operate.
Fresh brain will be delivered anytime.
I've perfected the shortcut hand
signs that I've been practicing.
Red and Azure Glow.
I've pretty much mastered multiple
simultaneous activation of these two.
My next task should be domain
and long-distance teleportation.
If I start from the school and prepare
a clear route, I think I can succeed.
Shoko, can I borrow the lab rat?
Satoru has become the strongest.
Suguru, have you lost a little weight?
Are you okay?
He can complete all tasks by himself.
Shoko doesn't go out
on dangerous missions.
So naturally, I ended up
spending more time alone.
The hot weather made
me a little tired. I'm fine.
Have you been eating too much Somen?
I was very busy that summer.
(Episode 29: Premature Death)
Perhaps due to the
frequent disasters last year,
Cursed Spirits surged like maggots.
Exorcising, absorbing.
I kept repeating these tasks.
No one knows the taste of cursed spirits.
It's like swallowing a cloth
that has wiped vomit.
Who am I doing this for?
Exorcising, absorbing.
Since that day, I've been
trying to convince myself
that what I saw is nothing special,
just well-known abominations.
Because I understand this
very well, that's why
I've chosen to help people
as a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I can't waver.
I must fulfill my duties
as a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Stinking monkeys.
Senior Geto.
Haibara.
Senior, you've worked hard.
Would you like something to drink?
Oh, how can I? I'll have a Coke.
I have to go on a mission
to a far-away place tomorrow.
Really? Then please bring
back some local specialties.
Understood.
Senior, do you prefer sweet or salty food?
Satoru might want some too.
You can get something sweet.
Understood.
Haibara, are you doing well
as a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
Do you find it hard?
Well.
I'm not the kind of person who thinks
too deeply about these things.
I feel great being able to give it my all,
and doing what I can.
Really?
That's true.
Are you Geto?
What type of woman do you like?
May I know who you are?
I like girls who eat a lot.
Haibara.
It's okay, she's not a bad person.
I'm quite confident in
my judgement of people.
Then why are you still sitting next to me?
Right.
He was just teasing you.
I'm off then.
Is he your junior?
A frank and cute kid.
On the contrary, I think as a sorcerer,
he should learn to doubt others more.
By the way, aren't you going
to answer my question?
Then you shall answer my question first.
Who are you?
I'm a Special Grade sorcerer,
Tsukumo Yuki.
You should understand now.
You're that...
Good job! Who am I?
The one who never takes on
missions despite being Special Grade,
the waste who is always idling abroad.
I hate the High School.
SHE'S UPSET
She's upset.
I'm kidding.
However, my ideas indeed
conflict with the school.
The people here are doing
symptomatic treatment.
What I want to do is causal treatment.
Causal treatment?
Not hunting cursed spirits,
but creating a world where
cursed spirits will never exist.
Let me give you a lesson.
What are cursed spirits?
They are accumulations of humans' cursed
energy that has seeped out and solidified.
You're correct.
Therefore, there are two ways to create
a world where cursed spirits do not exist.
The first one is to erase
all humans' cursed energy.
The second is to make all humans
able to control their cursed energy.
I think the first one is a good idea,
and there's even an example.
What example?
It's someone you are
familiar with, Zenin Toji.
I've seen many cases where Heavenly Restriction
made them become almost like normal people.
But he was the only one in the world
who had no cursed energy at all.
And that's not the only interesting part.
Even though Zenin Toji had no cursed energy,
he could recognize cursed spirits with his five senses.
As he completely abandoned cursed energy,
he became different from ordinary people.
Moreover, he even gained
resistance to curses.
He's practically a superhuman.
You shouldn't feel
ashamed for losing to him.
Although I would like to study him,
unfortunately, he rejected me.
His death is a great loss.
There are very few samples
of Heavenly Restriction.
So, I turned my focus
to the second method.
To make all humans able
to control cursed energy.
Did you know? Jujutsu Sorcerers
don't produce cursed spirits.
It excludes the situation where sorcerers
become cursed spirits after death.
Compared to non-sorcerers, sorcerers
leak very little cursed energy.
We have to consider the cursed energy consumption
for using techniques and the difference in capacity.
But the most crucial part is circulation.
A sorcerer's cursed energy circulates
continuously within the body.
To put it simply,
if all humans become Jujutsu Sorcerers,
then cursed spirits will not be produced.
In that case, why not just
eliminate all non-sorcerers?
Geto.
Your idea is feasible.
Wait.
What you just said is
probably the simplest method.
Continuously eliminating non-sorcerers,
forcing humans to adapt to the environment
for survival and become sorcerers.
That's to promote evolution,
like birds evolving wings.
Using fear and a sense of
crisis to make humans evolve.
But unfortunately, I'm not that crazy yet.
Do you hate non-sorcerers, Geto?
I don't know.
I used to think that Jujutsu
exists to protect non-sorcerers.
But lately, this standard close to a
value in my heart has started to waver.
The dignity of the weak,
and the ugliness of the weak.
I'm gradually becoming unable
to distinguish and accept these.
Looking down on non-sorcerers,
and denying such thoughts.
For the marathon of Jujutsu Sorcerers,
the view at the end is too vague.
I can't figure out which
one is my true thought.
Neither is your true thought.
You haven't reached that stage yet.
Looking down on non-sorcerers,
and denying such thoughts
are just possibilities you've thought of.
Your choice is to make
one of them your true thought.
I'm leaving. Actually, I also
wanted to say hello to Gojo.
But it seems I've come at the wrong time.
We will all be special grade sorcerers
in future, let's be nice to each other.
I will pass the message to Satoru.
By the way, one last thing.
Don't worry about the Star Plasma Vessel.
It seemed like there was another
Star Plasma Vessel at the time.
Or that a new Star Plasma
Vessel has been born.
Anyway, Tengen has stabilized now.
I thought so.
AH
Ah.
I DIDN'T ASK ABOUT HIS TYPE
I didn't ask about his type.
It should have been an easy mission
to defeat a Grade 2 cursed spirit.
Damn it.
Earth God faith.
That was actually a Land God.
A Grade 1 case.
Nanami, you can take a rest.
Satoru took over the mission.
Might as well have him
take care of all the missions.
The marathon of Jujutsu Sorcerers.
What if at the end of it
are the mountains of bodies of my friends?
INVESTIGATION REPORT ON MURDER CASES INVOLVING A STUDENT
What's going on here?
Isn't it obvious?
These two are the cause
of the series of incidents.
No.
INVESTIGATION SUBJECT, TOKYO JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL, THIRD GRADE, GETO SUGURU
Confirmed the death of 112 residents in the old ▋▋village five days after assigning Geto Suguru
These two are psychos.
They attacked the villagers with
their inexplicable power again and again.
I've ruled out the cause of the events.
My grandson was almost
killed by these two.
It's because he...
Shut up, you monsters!
Your parents were also monsters.
- You should have been killed at birth.
- It's over.
Looking down on non-sorcerers,
and denying such thoughts.
Which one will become your true thought?
Everyone, let's step outside.
It's your choice.
What?
Why?
No!
TRIAL PENDING, GETO SUGURU ON LARGE
Confirmed to be Geto Suguru's cursed spirits manipulation according to the residuals
SENTENCED TO DEATH
Ah?
Don't make me repeat myself.
Suguru killed everyone in the village.
I heard it loud and clear.
That's why I said that.
Suguru's hometown
has already been deserted.
But judging from the bloodstains and
residuals, his parents were probably...
That's impossible!
Satoru.
I also don't understand what's going on.
EH? HIGH SCHOOLER?
Do you need a light?
Hi.
Aren't you a criminal?
What do you want with me?
I'm just here to try my luck.
I should ask if you are innocent.
Unfortunately, no.
I should also ask why you did it?
Because I want to create
a world only for Jujutsu Sorcerers.
I don't understand.
I'm not a child anymore.
I don't expect everyone to understand me.
I think it's also quite childish
to resign to depravity
just because no one can understand you.
Gojo,
Geto is here.
Right, Shinjuku.
No way, I don't want to get killed.
Explain to me, Suguru.
You should have heard from Shoko.
That's all there is to it.
So, you're going to kill everyone
other than Jujutsu Sorcerers?
Even your own parents?
I can't just give my
parents the privilege.
Besides, my family is not just them now.
That's not what I'm asking.
I thought you didn't want to
commit pointless murders.
I have my reasons, and there is a point.
It's for the greater good.
No, it's not.
You said you want to kill non-sorcerers
and create a world only for sorcerers?
How is that possible?
Doing something that is so petty
and absolutely unachievable
is pointless!
You're really arrogant.
If it was you, you could
do it, right? Satoru?
You can do it, but you're
trying to convince others
that it's absolutely unachievable.
Are you the strongest
for being Satoru Gojo?
Or are you Satoru Gojo
for being the strongest?
What are you trying to say?
If I could become you,
don't you think such an absurd
ideal might actually come true?
I have decided on my way of life.
From now on, I will strive to
achieve what I am capable of.
If you want to kill me, go ahead.
It would also be meaningful.
Why didn't you go after him?
Are you sure you want to ask me this?
No, never mind,
it's my fault.
Mister, I'm strong, right?
Yes, you are unbelievably strong.
But, if I'm the only strong one,
it doesn't seem to be of much use.
I can only save those
who are ready to be saved.
Wasn't the Star Religious
Group forced to disband?
The roots of other
organizations are the same.
It's like you directly took
over the entire organization.
Would you refuse it?
No, it's all fine as long as
I can collect curses and money.
Are you really going to dress like that?
Not bad, right?
Bluffing is very important.
Master Geto.
Watch carefully later.
Is everyone here?
Branch heads, representative
executives, the president,
and all other important
investors are here.
Ladies and gentlemen,
sorry to keep you waiting.
I'll just say a few words.
From this moment on,
this organization is mine.
The name will also be changed.
Please make sure to
listen to me from now on.
MAJORITY OPPOSED
This is really troublesome.
Right, Mr. Sonoda, could you
please come up to the stage?
Yes, you.
So, I'll say it again.
I hate monkeys. You guys better obey me.
This is the true thought I chose.
Stinking monkeys.
You're Megumi Fushiguro, aren't you?
Who are you? And what's with your face?
Nothing, I just think you are identical.
I'm just talking to myself.
Speaking of your father,
he came from a sorcerer
family called Zenin,
but he himself was unbelievably useless.
Later he ran away from home and had you.
You should be able to see cursed spirits,
and you also have cursed energy.
You should have noticed your
own Cursed Technique more or less.
The Zenin Family loves Cursed Techniques.
Most people notice their own techniques
between the ages of four and six.
That's the best time for a deal.
Megumi, you are your father's ace
to deal with the Zenin Family.
It's annoying, isn't it?
As for your father, I killed him...
It doesn't matter,
I don't care what he's
doing or where he is.
I haven't seen him for years. I can
barely remember what he looks like.
I've understood the situation
after your explanation.
Tsumiki's mother hasn't
been back for a while either.
Megumi is back.
Probably because we are no longer useful.
The two of them must
be living a leisurely life now.
Are you really in first grade?
Never mind.
If you want to know about your father,
you can ask me at any time.
Oh.
I think it's quite interesting.
Let me get to the point then.
What do you want to do? Do you
want to go to the Zenin Family?
What will happen to Tsumiki?
If I go there, will Tsumiki be happy?
This is decisive.
No, absolutely not.
I can assure you of this.
OK.
Leave the rest to me.
But I might have to make
you work a bit harder then.
Do your best.
You have to become stronger,
being strong enough
to not be left behind by me.
OCTOBER 19, 2018
Mr. Gojo.
So you sleep too.
Of course, what nonsense are you saying?
Mr. Gojo.
He's awake.
Wait, isn't that chair very expensive?
Please don't call us over
and then fall asleep here.
- Not fair, I'm next!
- I'm stuck.
It's my turn!
- What are you laughing at?
- You are not stuck! Get up!
Nothing.
How do you write "Motto" in Kanji?
It's Katakana? Is it a foreign word?
NEXT EPISODE: "THAT"
There must be many things
that you think you know.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm